# Happy-Digital Slider - Privacy Policy
The license agreement for end users of the Happy-Digital Slider mobile client software is as follows
This End User Software License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is jointly signed by you, as the end user, and Happy-Digital Slider mobile phone client software
Happy-Digital Slider is well aware of the importance of personal information to users. Therefore, we have formulated a privacy policy so that you can understand our handling, use and storage of information, including personal data. Access to applications and use of services are governed by the privacy policy.
By accessing the application and continuing to use the service, you will be deemed to have accepted the privacy policy, in particular, you will be deemed to have confirmed the way we handle your information and the appropriate legal reasons described in the privacy policy. We reserve the right to modify the privacy policy from time to time. If you do not agree with the privacy policy, you must immediately stop using applications and services. Please read our privacy policy carefully.
Please note that in order to comply with the privacy rules, you must notify the conversation partner that you want to record it before the conversation starts. Otherwise, you will not be able to use the application.
Happy-Digital Slider respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the service. Without your prior permission, Happy-Digital Slider will not disclose such information to the public or provide it to a third party. When you agree to the Happy-Digital Slider Service Use Agreement, you will be deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy.
-1. Use of information
-A) Happy-Digital Slider's access to the address book requires your consent. It is only convenient to dial the phone number of the contact person quickly locally and will not upload the communication to the server. If not allowed, Happy-Digital Slider will not be able to read your address book and access the number of contacts in the address book, but you can enter the number to dial.
-B) Happy-Digital Slider will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and Happy-Digital Slider provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the service ends, they will be prohibited from accessing all these materials, including those they can access previously.
-C) Happy-Digital Slider also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information free of charge by any means. If any Happy-Digital Slider platform user engages in the above activities, once found, Happy-Digital Slider has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
-D) For the purpose of serving users, Happy-Digital Slider may provide you with information you are interested in by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with Happy-Digital Slider partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
2. Scope of application
When you use Happy-Digital Slider, you provide personal use information according to the requirements of Happy-Digital Slider.
-You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this privacy policy:
-A) Keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the Happy-Digital Slider platform;
-B) Relevant information and data collected by Happy-Digital Slider that you released in Happy-Digital Slider, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
-C) Violation of laws and regulations or rules of Happy-Digital Slider and the measures taken by Happy-Digital Slider against you.
3. Information disclosure Under the following circumstances, Happy-Digital Slider will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal will or legal provisions:
-A) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;
-B) To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party;
-C) Disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with relevant provisions of laws or requirements of administrative or judicial authorities;
-D) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the Happy-Digital Slider service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party;
-E) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
-F) In a transaction created on the Happy-Digital Slider platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially performs the transaction obligations and requests information disclosure, Happy-Digital Slider has the right to decide to provide the user with necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.
-G) Other disclosures deemed appropriate by Happy-Digital Slider according to laws, regulations or website policies.
4. Information storage and exchange The information and materials about you collected by Happy-Digital Slider will be stored on the servers of Happy-Digital Slider and/or its affiliated companies. These information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region or outside the country where Happy-Digital Slider collects information and materials, and will be accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.
Happy-Digital Slider guarantees that the upgrade module of this software does not contain any malicious code designed to destroy the user's computer data and obtain the user's privacy information, does not contain any functional code to track and monitor the user's computer and or operation behavior, and does not monitor the user's online or offline behavior or disclose the user's privacy.
5. Information security
Happy-Digital Slider have security protection functions, but please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
6. How do we deal with minors' personal information
-A) If you are a minor under the age of 14, please read this policy with your guardian before using our products and/or services, and ensure that you have obtained the explicit consent of your guardian before using.
-B) In the case of collecting personal information of minors with the consent of parents, we will only use or publicly disclose this information when it is permitted by law, explicitly agreed by parents or guardians or necessary to protect minors.
-C) If your guardian does not agree that you use our services or provide us with personal information in accordance with this policy, please immediately terminate your use of our services and notify us in a timely manner.
